agile-docs-update (#22799)
opf/openproject: docs/user-guide/backlogs-scrum/README.md

Working in agile project teams is becoming increasingly important, and with OpenProject, it is easier than ever.

> OpenProject supports your work with the Agile and Scrum methodology by providing a variety of improved functionalities. You can now create and manage sprints, record and prioritize user stories in sprints and the backlog, use sprint boards or burndown-charts, print work package cards, and much more. For more information, please refer to the OpenProject [agile and scrum features](https://www.openproject.org/collaboration-software-features/agile-project-management/) page.

Author: ```suggestion
OpenProject supports your work with the Agile and Scrum methodology by providing a variety of improved functionalities. You can now create and manage sprints, record and prioritize work packages in sprints and the backlog, use automated sprint boards or burndown-charts, and much more. For more information, please refer to the OpenProject [agile and scrum features](https://www.openproject.org/collaboration-software-features/agile-project-management/) page.
```
